Add local development node page (#671)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: tutorials/smart-contracts/launch-your-first-project/test-and-deploy-with-hardhat.md

    Ensure that `INSERT_PATH_TO_SUBSTRATE_NODE` and `INSERT_PATH_TO_ETH_RPC_ADAPTER` are replaced with the proper paths to the compiled binaries. 

>     If you need to build these binaries, follow the [Installation](/develop/smart-contracts/local-development-node#installation) section in the Local Development Node page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you need to build these binaries, follow the [Installation](/develop/smart-contracts/local-development-node#installation){target=\_blank} section on the Local Development Node page.
```
